[Fundamentals] Added an updated optimize site speed page (#4109)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/fundamentals/get-started/task-guides/optimize-site-speed.md

---
pcx-content-type: reference
title: Optimize site speed
weight: 1
---

# Optimize site speed

Cloudflare offers a variety of features designed to improve latency and page load time and — by extension — user experience and [SEO](/fundamentals/get-started/task-guides/improve-seo/).

## Default optimizations

Cloudflare provides [lightning fast DNS resolution](https://www.cloudflare.com/dns/), so you likely will see speed improvements by [onboarding your domain to Cloudflare](/dns/zone-setups/full-setup/).

## One-click optimizations

> Once domain is onboarded and your DNS records are [proxied through Cloudflare](/dns/manage-dns-records/reference/proxied-dns-records/), Cloudflare offers the following one-click options for speeding up your site:

Reviewer: a domain? your domain?

- [Auto Minify](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/200168196): Removes unnecessary characters from HTML, JavaScript, and CSS files.
- [Brotli](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/200168396): Applies gzip and brotli compression to some types of content.
- [Rocket Loader](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/200168056): Defers JavaScript loading until after page content.
- [HTTP 2/3](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/200168076): Accelerates page load times by using a faster protocol for HTTP.

> - [Polish](/images/polish/) and [Mirage](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/219178057): Resize images hosted on your server (Polish) and lazy load all images in a browser (Mirage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Polish](/images/polish/) and [Mirage](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/219178057): Resizes images hosted on your server (Polish) and lazy loads all images in a browser (Mirage).
```

- [Argo Smart Routing](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/115000224552) (paid add-on): Routes requests across the fastest network path available.

## Optimization with minimal setup

Simply by using [Bulk Redirects](/rules/bulk-redirects) or [Page Rules](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/4729826525965) for URL forwarding, you can perform redirects at Cloudflare's edge network instead of at your origin server.

With a few clicks, you can also adjust your [cache settings](/cache/get-started/) to make resources more cacheable and improve cache hit rates.

## Dedicated products

Cloudflare offers a several products dedicated to improving site speed and availability:

> - [Image Optimization](/images/): Optimize image storage and delivery.

Reviewer: nit: this list uses second-person verbs, earlier list uses third-person verbs.
